
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

# Lab report \#1

Follow the instructions posted at
<https://ds202-at-isu.github.io/labs.html> for the lab assignment. The
work is meant to be finished during the lab time, but you have time
until Monday evening to polish things.

Include your answers in this document (Rmd file). Make sure that it
knits properly (into the md file). Upload both the Rmd and the md file
to your repository.

All submissions to the github repo will be automatically uploaded for
grading once the due date is passed. Submit a link to your repository on
Canvas (only one submission per team) to signal to the instructors that
you are done with your submission.

THIS IS A LINE FROM RSTUDIO

## Step 12.1

*Alexander:* Git is installed and set up. No problems with the
prerequisites

*Owen:* No problems *Tirtho:* No issues, Git already set up
successfully. \## Step 12.2

*Alexander:* No issues here.

*Owen:* No problems *Tirtho:* No problems, able to proceed. \## Step
12.3

*Alexander:* No issues here.

*Owen:* Git is not installed on computer, had to install *Tirtho:* No
issues I am good. \## Step 12.4

*Alexander:* I was able to connect Git locally through Rstudio. However,
I had to find where my computer locally saved the file. I used the
“files” tab on the bottom right of Rstudio to see it was located in my
“documents” folder.

*Owen:* Can’t find “staged box” had to save first. Tried to commit
“Author identity unknown” had to set user email *Tirtho:* Couldn’t see
the “staged” box since I’m using terminal/VS Code. \## Step 12.5

*Alexander:* At first I was having difficulty with an error when I tried
to push. After reading the error it told me that I had to pull first.
After doing so I was able to push successfully.

*Owen:* Had an error when trying to push, needed to pull first.
*Tirtho:* Same issue — error while pushing. Solved by running git pull
–rebase origin main before pushing. \## Step 12.6

*Alexander:* It took a second before I was able to see changes. I had to
make sure I saved the R Markdown file first, checked “Staged”,
committed, then pushed.

*Owen:* No problems here *Tirtho:* No problems

## Step 12.7

*Alexander:* Did not do, as it asked to delete repository.

*Owen:* Did not do *Tirtho:* Skipped this step as well (did not delete
repository).
